# Q3. In HTML what is the difference between an ID and Class (1 mark)

A 'class' (.example) is used when more than one element has the same attributes. For example if you had multiple list elements (ul) which required the same style then you would style them using a css class.

ID (#example) on the other hand is used when a single element might differ from the rest. It is used to apply a particular style, for example you may want only one of the aforementioned lists to have red text color, here an ID can be used.

In terms of specificity, and ID will override a class. Therefore in the above example the ID can be used in conjunction with class too add the red color.

# Q4. What is the value of foo? (1 mark)

_let foo = 10 + '20';_

Technically the value of foo would be 10. This is because 10 is an integer and "20" is a string and you can't 'add' a string to an integer.

However, when the answer console logged out it would appear as 1020 which is misleading. This is the same as if the question was the following:

_let foo = 10 + 'a';_

The answer would be 10a.

# Q5. What value is returned from the following statement? (1 mark)

_"i'm a lasagna hog".split("").reverse().join("");_

Answer: goh angasal a m'i

This is because the .split() function divides the string into an ordered list of substrings whose order is then reversed (using .reverse()). These are then joined together (.join()) to output the string "goh angasal a m'i".

# Q6. In JavaScript, what is the difference between == and === (1 mark)

Both == and === are comparison operators ie they compare two variables.

The == operator ignores the data type of the variables for example if you were comparing 'int 1 to bool true' this would return true.

However the === operator takes into account the TYPE also, for example if you were comparing 'int 1 to bool true' this would return false.
